people john here from fast films and
today we're going through a 2017
thriller movie called blood hunt the
starting scene flips off in a dark space
where the camera shows a ragged looking
man dragging a girl his anger and
frustration are visible through the
expressions after lingering on for some
time he asks to lay her down
after a moment the freak starts ripping
off her clothes and proceeds to rape her
the girl hits his face and pushes it
away but the guy smacks her heart and
everything blacks out it's 6 am now the
scenario shifts to a girl who wakes up
in the morning and follows her usual
fresh up routine
as she prepares herself the camera pans
to another guy who's returning from work
he gets in the car while the girl
prepares breakfast in the house the guy
starts driving and sends a text to his
girlfriend whose expressions beam
happiness upon receiving it
in the meantime the guy arrives at her
house and lights up a cigarette but as
soon as she walks out from the door he
instantly throws it away
afterwards he helps her put the luggage
in the car and as they get seated inside
the girl greets him and gives him
breakfast
he savors it down and the girl eyes him
admirably before embarking on their
journey the guy changes his work suit
into a casual fit and they leave for the
tour
they travel through the cities and
highways off to the suburbs and the
meadows both of them enjoy the feel of
the road and the magnificence of the
landscape during the drive the girl
named claire tells her boyfriend about
her pregnant friend
the guy named dean tries to assess if
claire is pregnant but she simply denies
it upon which dean takes a sigh of
relief remarking that he doesn't want
kids claire's expressions turn gloomy
but she tries to change the topic by
stating a course she just got enrolled
in but dean doesn't want her to go the
discussion ruins both of their moods and
dean admonishingly states that he
doesn't want to talk about it the rest
of the journey passes in silence until
they come across a mart claire proceeds
inside to grab the snacks and returns in
a cheery mood
therefore they continue their journey
again but this time in a bright spirit
their drive then takes them into a town
where dean seems lost
claire jokes about him but he doesn't
admit that he's lost finally they find a
gas station and as dean fills up the car
claire advances towards the restroom
after a while she returns and sits in
the empty car but suddenly a grave
looking man approaches the window and
asks her for a lighter she states she
doesn't smoke but the guy insists for
the lighter available in the car claire
gets annoyed by the forced intrusion and
tries to sway him off but the man bangs
on the window and threatens claire
suddenly dean appears on the scene and
gives him the lighter
he lights up the cigarette and gives it
back to dean while glaring at claire
nevertheless they leave the station
while the man discusses them with his
friend in the meantime claire complains
to dean about his kindness with the
creep
dean states that you shouldn't mess with
such guys and continues the drive after
a while they arrive at the motel and
proceed inside
dean drops on the bed and invites claire
over and they melt into one another the
next morning dean returns with breakfast
while claire happily devours it and
drinks the coffee afterwards dean offers
to go for a hike and claire jumps up in
happiness
as they leave the motel the roads take
the turns to an open secluded area and
in the middle of nowhere they see a car
parked beside the road with its hood
open
dean parks his own car right behind it
in order to help but it's revealed that
it's the same creep from the gas station
whose car is broken down
claire immediately gets alerted and
urges dean to leave at once as dean
insists to help claire shouts at him
stating that the freak threatened her
expressions of concern immediately
appear on dean's face and he swerves the
car around and leaves the man hanging
there after some time they arrive at the
hill forest and the couple starts their
hike
they travel through the wonderful woods
snap pictures embrace each other
adorably and make it to the top
upon reaching the peak they sit together
and enjoy the strong and fresh gusts of
wind running through their hair
after spending a good amount of time
they decide to leave and return back to
the hotel room
on their drive back dean's car starts to
overheat and he parks it on a side and
checks the radiator
upon finding it empty he takes the
coolant and fills the car up but finds a
leakage underneath the radiator as he
hunkers down dean spots another car
coming down the road and it parks behind
them a fat man approaches dean and asks
about the problem dean gets up and
states that he's just filling the
coolant when the hoodlum from the gas
station comes to face him
dean states that he wants no trouble but
the man starts trash talking in the
meantime a third guy comes by claire's
door and she suddenly recognizes the
bald guy and a chill runs up her spine
back outside the trash talking escalates
and the man abuses claire
dean is outraged and he lands a massive
punch on the man's face and a fight
breaks out one ginger head guy drags
claire outside while dean fights with
the other two he manages to break free
and come to claire's rescue when
suddenly the ginger grabs him and pushes
him in the car
dean grabs a glass bottle and smashes it
in the ginger's head eventually knocking
him down
devastated and flustered dean urges
claire to get back in the car
immediately and they leave at once
unfortunately the devil doesn't leave
them and the guy starts to follow them
in the car
tara crawls up their bones as the thug
nears them and dean spots the car's
engine overheating once again
nevertheless he presses hard on the
pedal and accelerates ahead their chase
turns from the highway to the suburban
trails where the guy stays on their tail
dean manages to dodge him but not for
long as their car speed ahead dean spots
a side area and he swerves the car hard
to the right and they manage to evade
their hunter
upon the evasion the couple takes a sigh
of relief but suddenly the thug runs
into them from another side and the
chase continues
ultimately dean's car starts to overheat
and slows down until the ruffian comes
beside them their cars collide and in
one hard push dean's car is thrown into
the air and rolled multiple times where
it ends up upside down
after the dust settles claire wakes up
badly injured and finds dean unconscious
suddenly the man comes from behind and
drags claire away while she screams on
top of her lungs
after a blackout both of them wake up in
the back of the car tied up claire
whimpers in fright in pain while dean
tries to console her she doesn't listen
to a word and keeps on crying but dean
manages to make her approach the toolbox
placed on the edge after fondling
through the tools dean hands her an iron
cutter and encourages her to cut her
ropes
just then the car stops and the thugs
pull them out
the fat guy scoops claire up and puts
her over the shoulder while dean gets
dragged into a wooden shed both of them
get tied up to the posts and the ginger
head wraps a barbed wire around dean's
neck in the meantime the creeps approach
claire and trace the knife across her
belly the couples please ring around the
shed but the thugs continue with their
ruthlessness
as dean's neck starts to bleed they
torture him by pouring water on his face
through a cloth he goes breathless and
the leader proceeds to strangle him but
after a while he orders the others to
hang him up the ginger head named jared
takes off his iron wire while the fat
guy named heath nears claire whose
situation is getting worse by every
passing minute on the other hand jarred
ties up dean and heath lifts him up via
hook until he hangs upside down
then the beating starts and all of them
land blows on his stomach until his
mouth starts bleeding
in the meantime claire finally manages
to cut free of the ropes and escapes
from behind while helplessly watching
her boyfriend getting beaten up suddenly
the thugs realize that she's escaped and
they run outside to look for her the
main leader orders heath to look around
while jarrod runs inside to grab his
rifle in the meantime the camera pans to
claire who's hiding behind cars and
other stuff while heath and the others
hunt for her she scoops from place to
place and hides successfully until jared
spots her via the rifle scope and shoots
at her afterwards he shouts her location
and everyone starts chasing her heath
catches up to her but she cuts him and
runs across a barbed fence to sit in a
car
the guys surround her as she locks it
claire whimpers in fright and tries to
start the car but the swine laughs
around stating to let her do what she
wants unfortunately the car is emanuel
and claire can't manage to drive it so
she just whales in there helplessly
in the interim the hoodlum orders jared
to bring out dean
as he's dragged outside jared puts a
knife to his throat and claire gets the
order to come out in the count of three
helpless and scared she staggers out and
they get dragged back into the shed
inside they strap dean once again while
claire gets raped by heath at the pole
as dean watches an utter anguish in
desperation his fury enables him to
break free of the ropes in a single
sweep he picks up a rod and knocks heath
out with a strong blow he then holds
claire covers her up while she throws up
and squeals in trauma dean consoles her
and drags her outside where they manage
to leave the shed and run towards the
car
but unfortunately jared spots them in
his scope and starts firing luckily dean
starts the car just in time and manages
to drive away from the junkyard both of
them take a sigh of relief but it is
suddenly revealed that claire is shot on
her side and her stomach is bleeding out
as dean spots her wound he immediately
stops the car and lays her outside where
she bleeds out and gives up on life in
his arms
dean is sheerly devastated and shattered
the fury of revenge starts to bubble up
in him and he drives back to the
junkyard
upon arriving he stops at a distance and
runs up to the area while holding a
dagger meanwhile we see jared working on
a car he starts it and sits on the
driver's seat when dean suddenly raids
him from the side and attacks him they
indulge in a fight and jared tries to
strangle him with the seatbelt but dean
thrusts the dagger in his thigh the
struggle continues and dean drops
outside the car and just as jared starts
to crawl outside dean bangs the car door
straight on his head and his body goes
lifeless in the meantime heath comes
upon looking for his friend and finds
him dead his partner also comes outside
and they conclude that dean is back
as they both go around looking for him
dean grabs a shovel from behind and cuts
at heath's leg from behind
the fatty drops to the ground and dean
smashes his head into a pulp afterwards
he grabs the knife and advances to the
shed where the leader is already waiting
for him the lunatic starts laughing
menacingly and dean charges at him the
fight starts and the maniac overcomes
dean but he successfully manages to
break free after hitting him with a
heavy iron pivot afterwards he climbs on
his chest and lands punch after punch on
his face until the guy becomes a mess of
blood and broken bones
as he goes limp dean ties an iron chain
around his feet and drags him away to
hook him upside down
with that the movie reaches its ending
moment as dean hangs him up and leaves
him there
afterwards he silently staggers out of
the shed walking away in exhaustion and
the film comes to an end
thanks for watching guys